How you guys doing today? It's Anthony
Ganji. Welcome to another episode of
Tear Talk. Guys, we do have an update on
the Madison Fields case. I have a video
I'm going to show you shortly. I do have
a whole playlist on this case. So, I
will give you a little background again
because I've only covered this a few
times, but we are going to focus more on
the update. The update um it it is an
update that is interesting, but
unfortunately, we still don't know where
Madison is. Uh but sadly there are there
are some choices that Madison made in
her past that could reflect some of the
risk um that she may find herself in
right now. And again um when I say the
choice a young child makes, I'm I'm not
putting that on the same scale as the
people that do the bad things. It's not
like it's 50% their choice and 50% the
groomer. They're not on the same scale.
not not weighed at at the same level.
But you always have to try to your best
when you understand what happened to
somebody to really look at the victim
because that's all you have.
All you have is the victim and the
choices that they made. So unfortunately
um from what I'm finding out here, she
would be someone that would be high risk
and hopefully they provide the urgency
uh in finding her. But this update is a
very interesting update. Uh let me go
ahead and uh show you this video real
quick.
Let's see.
Let's start with this one.
A man in New York State arrested in
connection to the missing 16year-old
girl from Colin Township we've been
telling you about for the last week.
Thanks for joining us here at 11:00. I'm
Sheree Palo.
Dramatic new developments tonight. I'm
Mike Dardis. Madison Fields last seen
two weeks ago. Tonight, federal
investigators say 43-year-old Kyle
Lawrence from the Buffalo, New York area
admits now to driving to see Madison two
times in the weeks leading up to her
disappearance. So, the 43-year-old
Lawrence arrested appeared in federal
court in New York State on federal
sexual exploitation charges. So, we want
to be clear here. Investigators still do
not know where Madison Fields from our
area is tonight. So yesterday, the FBI
searched Lawrence's Buffalo home, found
several instances of child sex abuse
material. Investigators think the
illegal images showed the missing
teenager. Lawrence telling agents he
communicated with Madison, travel to our
area to Cincinnati two times to meet up
with her January 19th and January 31st,
New Year's Eve, taking her to hotels.
I'm sorry, January 31st, not New Year's
Eve. last seen on February 13th facing
charges of transportation with the
intent to engage in criminal sexual
activity, travel with intent to engage
in illicit conduct, and transportation
of child pornography. The Ohio
Attorney's General's Office is still
listing Madison as endangered missing.
Our bookstore is like a portal.
It's Neo Victorian. It's steampunk.
All right, so it's an interesting
update. Let me give you a little
background here and then we'll break
down the Actually, you know what? There
is one more video that goes off this
court document
for Kyle. I think that would be uh worth
you guys seeing.
Let me do that one too. I think it is
this one.
Let me show you guys one more.
This is an interesting one. This has a
little bit more from the court document.
43-year-old Kyle Lawrence is facing
federal charges as investigators,
friends, and family continue the search
for missing 16-year-old Madison Fields
from Cole Rain Township. She was last
seen in this surveillance video February
13th walking on Harry Lee Avenue wearing
a black hoodie holding a plastic bag.
Tyler Hearnfield stepfather talked to us
earlier this month as the search
continues.
Nobody should go through this. It's
breaking us down.
Lawrence of Buffalo, New York, was
arrested Thursday night and appeared in
federal court Friday. He's charged with
transportation with intent to engage in
criminal sexual activity, travel with
intent to engage in illicit conduct, and
transportation of child pornography. The
victim is not named in court documents,
but Colra Township police confirmed
Lawrence was in contact with Madison
Fields.
I'm doing anything and everything to
find her. We're told investigators
reviewed surveillance video from late
January showing a teen getting into a
black Jeep Cherokee with New York
license plates. In the criminal
complaint, license plate readers found
Lawrence rented that black Jeep. Federal
investigators also say Lawrence and a
teen stayed at a Cincinnati hotel
together on January 31st, 2 weeks before
Phils went missing. Lawrence told agents
he communicated with a teen on Snapchat
and traveled to the Cincinnati area
twice in January to meet that teen. On
Thursday, FBI agents searched Lawrence's
home in Buffalo and found child sexual
abuse material on several devices.
So, we're going to kind of branch out.
The search for Madison Fields is
ongoing.
Her getting to a stranger car seems way
not like her. Anything helps. Everything
helps.
Now, Corin police say Lawrence has not
been charged in connection with the
disappearance of Madison Fields. In the
newsroom, Jay Shakur, WCPO9 News.
And I think that may I if it doesn't
mean he's innocent because remember I
think in the Haley Busby case they
haven't charged
um the person that actually showed
authorities where her body is. The
person that we all believe is the one
that could have killed her. They haven't
charged him with murder yet either. I
also want to mention something else here
in regards to this
this person Kyle. He is being pressured
to give up information right now because
he's they're probably putting some
pressure on him because she's
disappeared. Maybe you could be
responsible for that disappearance and
now he's admitting to maybe lesser type
charges right now. So, he's still an
animal. Um
I'm sure we're all in agreement with
that, but don't think he's coming out
trying to be this hero and you know, oh
um I'm I don't know anything about that,
but these are things I've done. No, he's
he's being pressured and now he's being
forced to give that information up
because they're trying to see if he's
responsible for something
um that could relate to her
disappearance and and and and hopefully
not, but we don't know if she's still
alive.
So, here's a quick background of the
case. We're going to speed through this.
Don't forget, I do have other videos, so
check out the other videos on this, but
I want to get to the more newer update.
So Madison Fields is 16-year-old is 16
years old and was staying with her
family at or near the in town suites on
Colra Avenue in Colra Township on
Cincinnati's west side. Family and
advocates describe her as close to her
younger sister, active online and
heavily using messaging apps in the
weeks before she vanished. That's what
kind of I mean there's other conditions
here too, but that definitely puts her
in higher risk.
So again, day she disappears is Friday,
February 13, 2026. Earlier in the day,
Madison was at or around the InTown
Suites property. There's no indication
she left with family. Around 4 p.m.,
surveillance cameras captured her
walking on Harry Lee Lane carrying a
black backpack and a white grocery bag,
wearing a black Champion hoodie,
camouflage pants, and black shoes. Now,
I want you to hold on to that thought
with the black backpack, white grocery
bag, because there's going to be a bit
of a correction here from my last video.
There's something here right now that I
did not know in the last video I did.
And this paints a bigger context,
different context.
According to what the family later
learned from her younger sister, Madison
said she was going to meet someone she
had been talking to online. There's no
publicly released footage of who, if
anyone, she meets after leaving Harry
Lee Lane, and that's the last confirmed
sighting law enforcement has shared.
That's February 13th. Then you have the
online contact. After she went missing,
her younger sister told adults that
Madison had been messaging a person
using the name Josh on a privacy focused
or encrypted app, not standard text
messaging. We saw this also on Hely
Busby, you know, the Snapchats, the
sessions.
Uh Josh presented himself as a
18-year-old male and encouraged
secretive communication that did not
leave an obvious trail on the main phone
apps her family monitored. As of latest
public information,
Josh remains an online handle.
Authorities have not publicly confirmed
who was actually behind that account.
Okay. So, when and how she was reported
missing Madison? Madison did not return
to the motel that night and did not make
contact over the weekend, which her
family found out of character and
alarming. On Monday, February 16, 2026,
her family reported her missing to the
Cole Rain Township Police Department. So
guys, I know we're all seeing this right
now, so I have to put it out there.
That's a weekend of a 16-year-old that
may not be in contact with their family
and the family not calling it in till
February 16th, if that reads correctly.
See, when I did the last video,
you know, the
backpack, the the bag, I said, "Well,
maybe because she's kind of a is kind of
a transient family, maybe that's how she
maneuvers daily." I didn't put in the
fact that she'd be gone for a weekend
because
she's 16 years old.
You know, if the family didn't know
where she was Friday, I thought she was
trying to maybe just kind of do things
in accordance with that day and I'll see
them at the end of the night. But I if
this is a weekend and the family may not
I'm thinking in this case here, maybe
when she's gone for a weekend, it's kind
of routine here that she doesn't maybe
um she leaves for weekends at a time.
Oh, maybe she didn't contact us, but but
but she was gone for a whole weekend and
and you didn't call that in right away.
Here we are. You know, I'm I'm pushing
for urgency and all this stuff from the
law enforcement side, which definitely
needs to work on. And that's discussions
we had in our last video. They're trying
to create maybe a an alert system that
that deals with um grooming and stuff
that kind of elevates the the the the
label of runaway because runaways could
be manufactured by these predators. But
to find out this is the case that it
wasn't reported by the parents till over
the week uh till after the weekend. And
that's a concern that means that when
she left with all that stuff, she's
preparing for a weekend.
I kind of left that window as a day
because she's 16. I expect her to come
back. So, uh that's that's troubling to
me a little bit. Um that
they didn't realize uh she was missing
or didn't call it in and kind of did
their Saturday and Sunday as if that was
a normal thing. Uh based on her age, the
circumstances and the online contact
information, police immediately treated
her as an endangered juvenile, not a
voluntary runaway. And there's concerns
with that. I looked at um me and Russ
did a video on that and I think there
was an endangered runaway. I'm sorry.
There was a um
endangered juvenile and then somewhere
along along the line it got pulled back
to like a runaway and then maybe since
then the alert went up. I have to look
into that. But me and Russ did a whole
video on it went out in danger then it
got pulled back because Russ made some
interesting finds on that.
Okay. So, police and volunteers search
areas around Colrain Avenue. Harry Lee
Lane and nearby wooded and commercial
zones canvasing for additional
surveillance video. And local media
advocacy groups and Facebook communities
quickly began sharing Madison's photo
and details, emphasizing that she left
on foot with limited belongings after
online communication with an unknown
male.
I'm have a feeling that
this is routine and and maybe the family
knew
this is what she does. And I and I'm,
you know, let's just put it out there. I
hope it's not the case that somehow they
benefit from this, but I don't think
that's the case, but I know it could be
thought because within the context, it's
not a thought that's way outside logic.
But let's hope that's not the case. The
minimal thing we could say is that this
is a routine thing in my mind
because
she's allowed to go on a weekend
whatever without ever talking to her
family even if she said because I know
part of the story was that she went to
go
by her friend's house. Okay. So that's
good that that the good thing about that
is that means you know the family may
not have been aware of what she's been
doing on these long weekends. So that
that that's okay. That's a lot better
than what my other thought was. I'll be
honest with you. So that that's a lot
better. But you don't have contact,
you know, before your daughter goes to
bed or throughout the weekend,
you know, nothing. You just let them
disappear for over the weekend and then
Monday we find out that she never went
to the friend's house.
There's a lot there to explore.
State level alert issuance. On February
20th, 2026 at Colrain Township Police
request, the Ohio Attorney General's
office issued an endangered missing
child alert for Madison rather than an
Amber Alert. So, that's what I was
saying. So, this wasn't done exactly on
the 16th, which he was reported missing.
I think something was put in error if I
remember because I remember the video we
did. And then um they put it out maybe
as endangered and that was February 20.
So, that's 4 days after it was reported
and then seven days after she went
missing. You kind of see this almost
with the Hy Busby case. You know, when
she went missing at 15 days later, they
heightened the alert. The alert said her
last known time and location about 4
p.m. on February 13th on Harry Lee Lane
and repeated her clothing description
and physical characteristics.
Okay, so how do they connect Kyle D
Lawrence to Madison? So, vehicle and
surveillance link. So during the missing
person investigation, detectives
reviewed surveillance from the intower
suites nearby area and saw Madison in
January get into a black Jeep Grand
Cherokee type SUV with New York plates.
Using license plate readers and rental
car records, investigators identified
that Jeep as a rental vehicle tied to
Kyle D. Lawrence, a 43y old man from the
Buffalo, New York area. So they had to
track him down. Then you got the hotel
records and dates. Hotel receipts and
guest records show Lawrence and a and a
minor checked into a Cincinnati area
hotel together on January 19, 2026 and
again on January 31st, 2026 for a second
stay. Those records combined with the
Jeep footage indicated Lawrence twice
traveled from New York to the Cincinnati
area and stayed overnight with a minor
believed to be Madison.
Then you got the digital evidence in his
own statements. According to court
documents and police, Lawrence admitted
to investigators that he communicated
with Madison via Snapchat. There it is.
told agents he drove from Buffalo to the
Cincinnati area twice in January 2026 to
meet her in person. And he also admitted
using Snapchat's location services, Snap
Map type functionality to see where
Madison was and to find out exactly
where to pick her up when he came to
Ohio. So look that guys, Snapchat can be
a bit of a ping. Can let the predator
know where your kid is at. Investigators
say cyber tips tied to his Snapchat
account also helped them link him to
Madison during the ongoing
investigation. put together surveillance
video, the rented black jeep with New
York plates, hotel records for January
19th and January 31st, and Lawrence's
own admission about Snapchat
communication and travel are what
directly connect him to Madison in the
weeks before she disappeared. Let's see
a little bit about Kyle. What do we
have? So, Laur Kyle Lawrence is a 43-y
old man from the Buffalo, New York area
who had already been on the FBI's radar
prior to Madison's disappearance. Court
filings and reporting say he was subject
of a report to the FBI in 2024.
A Canadian citiz citizen vigilante
predator hunter group confronted him
alleging he traveled to Canada to meet a
15-year-old girl for sex. FBI agents in
Buffalo had prior contact with him in
connection with the earlier report. The
uh prior history frames him as someone
already accused of seeking out underage
girls across borders before he ever
appeared on the radar in Madison's case.
what they found that his home and the
specific charges. So, this is the search
of his residence. After identifying
Lawrence through the Jeep hotel records
and digital evidence, agents obtained
and executed a warrant, a search warrant
at his home in the Buffalo area. During
that search, according to federal
documents, Lawrence admitted he
possessed child sexual sexual abuse
material such as child pornography on
his devices. Investigators say they in
fact found multiple files of child
sexual abuse material on his electronic
device.
and then the arrest in jurisdiction. So
on February 26, 2026, FBI agents
arrested Lawrence at his Buffalo area
home. He made an initial appearance in
federal court in New York, but the case
is being prosecuted in the Southern
District of Ohio because the alleged
criminal conduct traveling to meet an
exploit a minor occurred in the
Cincinnati area. Federal charges as
reported, prosecutors have charged him
under federal law with offenses that
center on his alleged sexual
exploitation of Madison as a minor. So
you have transportation with intent to
engage in criminal sexual activity.
That's transport on a minor across state
lines with the intent that sexual activi
activity would occur. Travel with intent
to engage in illicit sexual conduct.
Traveling himself from New York to Ohio
intending to engage in sexual conduct
with a minor that would violate criminal
law and transportation and/or possession
of child sexual abuse material child
pornography involving files found on his
device. Potential penalty taken
together. These charges carry a maximum
possible sentence of up to a life in
federal prison if he is convicted on the
most serious counts. Important point for
for us to know is these counts attached
to his January trips and the sexual
exploitation conduct surrounding those
trips, not to Madison's disappearance as
of February 13th itself. So I want to
talk a little bit about the alert
status, what it means and what has what
has not changed. I wanted to add that
because I I'm curious. I done in the
other videos. I want to revisit it
again. So Madison's current alert
status, Madison's still missing. There's
been no public announcement that she's
been found. The endangered missing child
alert for her remains for her remains
active and has not been cancelled or
downgraded. What an endangered missing
child alert means in Ohio. Ohio uses
several statewide alert types. Amber
alert, danger missing child alert,
endangered missing adult alert, and blue
alert. An endangered missing child alert
is used when the child is under 18 and
confirmed missing. for example, unknown
circumstances or non-witness uncertain
abduction. Law enforcement reasonably
believes the child's disappearance poses
a credible threat of serious bodily harm
or death and there is sufficient
descriptive information about the child
and circumstances that public
dissemination can generally help find
them. It's intended for high-risisk
missing children situations where
something is clearly wrong, but there's
not yet a clean confirmed abduction that
meets the stricter Amber criteria. And
how does that differ from an Amber
Alert? An amber in Ohio reserved is
reserved for clearly confirmed child
abductions. The child is under 18. An
abduction is confirmed. There's credible
immediate threat of serious bodily harm
or injury. And there's actionable
information. So suspect vehicle
direction of travel to justify
triggering the emergency alert system
and wireless emergency alerts. Amber
alerts hit highway signs, TV, radio, via
EAS, wireless emergency alerts to phones
and broad media blasts. Endangered
missing child alerts still go to media
and law enforcement, but usually do not
trigger the same level of emergency
broadcast interruptions. In simple
terms, an endangered missing child alert
says the child is missing, believed to
be danger, and we need public help.
While Amber Alert adds, "We have a
confirmed abduction and enough hard
details to justify alert in every phone
and freeway sign." That's why we have to
work on this runaway thing because I
think the kids that are runaway
sometimes are being grouped or they're
being manufactured which to me is a more
evolved
um abduction where the victim comes to
them. It's a bit of a flaw in the system
that's being exploited. So other Ohio
alerts for context is a danger missing
adult alert is for adults 65 and over or
with a proven mental impairment whose
disappearance poses a credible threat of
serious harm or death and blue alert
used to locate suspects who seriously
injure or kill a law enforcement officer
or to find a missing officer. Uh, so
what has not changed in the Madison case
is certain co-rain, I'm sorry, what has
not changed about the MA what has not
changed about the Madison case is cold
rain and federal authorities repeatedly
emphasized that as of now Kyle D.
Lawrence is charged for an earlier
interaction and alleged sexual
exploitation involving Madison not for
causing or participating in her February
13 disappearance and the investigation
into where Madison is and what happened
to her on or after February 13th remains
open and active. Investigators continue
asking anyone with information to
contact Colin Township Police or call
911.
So that's all that's the update for
Madison.
The concern I have now is
she was a child at risk right now.
Just that that weekend bothers me. I
mean, I don't know if if your child does
a sleepover, do you communicate them
at least once a day? At least once a
day. I mean, imagine finding out on
Monday that the weekend prior she never
stayed by the friend's house. I mean,
where's the urgency?
And then police finding out in the 16th
and then doing the endangered missing
child on the 20th.
I think, as I said in my older video, I
think it went out as endangered and was
pulled back. That's going to be
interesting because that that could be a
lawsuit too. You got all the resources,
you know, at that point, even if it's a
mistake, just send it out because now
you just don't know. And if you pull
back, you pull back right in the midst
of when the child was in danger.
This is a tough one now.
This is a tough one.
Oh, that's a tough one. All right, guys.
As always, the show is here. If you like
the content, please. I do have buy me a
cup of coffee. Link to that in the
description as well as top of the
YouTube channel. Stay safe.