Skip to main content
  

An official website of the United States government
Here's how you know


Menu
Search

Press Release
New York man arrested on federal sexual exploitation charges
Friday, February 27, 2026
Share 
For Immediate Release
U.S. Attorney's Office, Southern District of Ohio
CINCINNATI – A New York man was arrested last night on federal sexual exploitation charges filed in the Southern District of Ohio after investigation into a missing Colerain teenager revealed he was previously involved with the minor. 
Kyle D. Lawrence, 43, of Buffalo, New York, was arrested at his residence. He appeared in federal court in New York today.
According to charging documents, on Feb. 16, Colerain Township police began investigating the circumstances surrounding a missing teenager. Officers reviewed video surveillance from the minor’s home and discovered that in January, the teenager entered a black Jeep Grand Cherokee with New York license plates. License plate readers and receipts confirm that Lawrence allegedly rented the vehicle and that he and the minor stayed at a Cincinnati hotel together on Jan. 31.
It was discovered that Lawrence was the subject of a report to the FBI in May 2024. Lawrence was confronted by a citizen vigilante group while in Canada for allegedly traveling to Canada to have sexual contact with a purported 15-year-old girl. Agents in Buffalo had previously been in contact with Lawrence in response to the report.
Further investigation by the FBI revealed two cyber tip reports to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) regarding Lawrence’s Snapchat account and child exploitation activity.
On Feb. 26, FBI agents in Buffalo executed a federal search warrant at Lawrence’s residence and seized several electronic devices, which contained child sexual abuse material.
An affidavit details that Lawrence told agents he communicated with the minor from Colerain on Snapchat and traveled to the Cincinnati area twice in January to meet up. He used the location services on Snapchat to locate the minor when he picked her up.
Law enforcement’s investigation into the whereabouts of the missing teenager remains ongoing.
Lawrence is charged with transportation with the intent to engage in criminal sexual activity (a crime punishable by at least 10 years and up to life in prison), travel with the intent to engage in illicit conduct (up to 30 years in prison) and transportation of child pornography (five to 20 years in prison).
Dominick S. Gerace II, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Ohio; Jason Cromartie, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Cincinnati Division; Colerain Township Police Chief Edwin C. Cordie III and Ohio Attorney General Dave Yost announced the charges.
This is a joint investigation being conducted by the FBI divisions in Cincinnati and Buffalo, Colerain Township Police Department, New York State Police and the Ohio Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI). Assistant United States Attorney Kyle J. Healey is representing the United States in this case.
This case is being brought as part of Project Safe Childhood, a nationwide initiative launched in May 2006 by the Department of Justice to combat the growing epidemic of child sexual exploitation and abuse. Led by U.S. Attorney’s Offices and the Child Exploitation and Obscenity Section (CEOS), Project Safe Childhood marshals federal, state, and local resources to better locate, apprehend, and prosecute individuals who exploit children via the internet, as well as to identify and rescue victims. For more information about Project Safe Childhood, please visit www.justice.gov/psc.
A criminal complaint merely contains allegations, and defendants are presumed innocent unless proven guilty in a court of law.
# # #
Updated February 27, 2026
________________


Topic
Project Safe Childhood
Component
USAO - Ohio, Southern
Related Content
Press Release
Dayton man faces federal child pornography crimes involving victim under 5 years old
DAYTON, Ohio – United States Attorney Dominick S. Gerace II and Montgomery County Prosecutor Mat Heck, Jr. announced today that Christopher Houck, 20, of Dayton, has been charged federally with...
February 27, 2026
Press Release
Repeat sex offender from Licking County pleads guilty to new child pornography crimes
COLUMBUS, Ohio – A repeat sex offender pleaded guilty in federal court here today to receiving and possessing child pornography. 
February 26, 2026
Press Release
Columbus man arrested in connection with Indiana teen’s death now faces federal exploitation charges
COLUMBUS, Ohio – Tyler Thomas, the 39-year-old Columbus man arrested in January on local charges related to the disappearance and death of 17-year-old Hailey Buzbee, now faces federal exploitation charges. 
February 10, 2026
* 
Southern District of Ohio
Main Office:
303 Marconi Boulevard, Suite 200
Columbus, OH 43215
   *       * 
Stay Connected
         *          *  
         * 
            * About
            * Budget & Performance
            * Archives
            * FOIA
            * Accessibility
            * Legal Policies & Disclaimers
            * Privacy
            * For Employees
            * Office of the Inspector General
            * No FEAR Act Data
            * EEO Policy Statement
            * Vulnerability Disclosure
            * Multilingual
            * Vote.gov
Have a question about Government Services?
            * Contact USA.gov
 Return to the top of the page. 
Top